---
title: "C++ ACE"
date: "2013-09-17"
tags: ["c++", "boost", "ace"]
---

# Overview

I’ve been looking at a c++ application that uses ACE library, now I’ve never used this library myself, I used to love BOOST when I was 100% c++ (way back in the day sniff sniff). C++ 11 has drastically improved life sure but it’s not got everything I need.

I decided to do a bit of googling to see what I’ll be dealing with and below was the first post I came across on StackOverflow…. oh dear! not a great start for my motivation :-(

# Post

Do yourself a favor and steer clear of ACE. It's a horrible, horrible library that should never have been written, if you ask me. I've worked (or rather HAD to work with it) for 3 years and I tell you it's a poorly designed, poorly documented, poorly implemented piece of junk using archaic C++ and built on completely brain-dead design decisions ... calling ACE "C with classes" is actually doing it a favor. If you look into the internal implementations of some of its constructs you'll often have a hard time suppressing your gag reflex. Also, I can't stress the "poor documentation" aspect enough. Usually, ACE's notion of documenting a function consists of simply printing the function's signature. As to the meaning of its arguments, its return value and its general behavior, well you're usually left to figure that out on your own. I'm sick and tired of having to guess which exceptions a function may throw, which return value denotes success, which arguments I have to pass to make the function do what I need it to do or whether a function / class is thread-safe or not.

Boost on the other hand, is simple to use, modern C++, extremely well documented, and it just WORKS! Boost is the way to go, down with ACE!
